All of the custom reports that we have created so
far have used the default explorer type.
The Explorer format, looks like most of the built-in reports that we're used to seeing.
In the explorer format,
if we wanted to we could create dimension drill-downs.
For instance, we could select operating system,
and then drill-down to browser.
But, if we wanted to display these dimension side-by-side,
we could use the flat table format.
Now, if we add some metrics, sessions,
average session duration, main again for the Report Tab name,
we'll call this report OS and Browser Flat,
and now we could see the combinations of
operating system and browser laid out in the flat table format.
We're back in the custom report that we defined
previously for e-commerce performance by country.
This report is very useful, and very streamlined.
But, we may want to take advantage of the map overlay format
for additional visual appeal, and effective communication.
Click "Edit", and we'll switch over to map overlay as the report type.
For zoom level, we'll keep that at world.
For dimension, we'll select country,
and now we have the same data plus the map overlay.
We're back in our Landing Pages Streamlined Custom Report that we defined previously.
Let's filter for mobile only.
At the bottom of every customer report,
we have filters available.
This is actually another important advantage of custom reports.
We can build filters right in device category, exactly matches mobile.
Notice that the other option is our friend rejects.
So, if we wanted to filter for mobile and tablet we could pipe tablet in,
mobile pipe tablet, mobile or tablet.
But for now, let's just filter for mobile,
and let's rename the report Landing Pages Streamlined-Mobile Only.
Now, we have a nice streamlined report showing only the metrics that we want to show,
and with a built-in filter for a specific dimension value.